-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QfGviZxdnCl0z4pARWtOnbNYtThIs0cnNMgYBf+fbfyAP5lMxr/9sB61RJ+K5EEx
 NSr9E7QvS2RVrEs4Xt+KCw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950162-04-001080.txt : 20040923
<SEC-HEADER>0000950162-04-001080.hdr.sgml : 20040923
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040923134039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950162-04-001080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20040923
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Impairments
ITEM INFORMATION:		Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040923
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20040923

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			METALDYNE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000745448
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				382513957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12068
		FILM NUMBER:		041042537

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47659 HALYARD DRIVE
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		734-207-6200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47659 HALYARD DRIVE
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48170

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOTECH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930629

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCO INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930629
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>metal8k092304.txt
<TEXT>

================================================================================





                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                               -------------------

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 Current Report

                Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
                              Exchange Act of 1934

                               September 23, 2004
                Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

                              METALDYNE CORPORATION

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Delaware                         1-12068               38-2513957
(State or other jurisdiction of   (Commission file number)  (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                             Identification No.)

                               47659 Halyard Drive
                            Plymouth, Michigan 48170
                    (Address of principal executive offices)
                                 (734) 207-6200

                         (Registrant's telephone number,
                              including area code)
                                 Not Applicable
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
                            ------------------------

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[  ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)
[  ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
     CFR 240.14a-12)
[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

================================================================================


<PAGE>


Item 2.02.  Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

     Metaldyne Corporation (the "Company") issued two press releases on
September 23, 2004 containing information regarding certain preliminary
financial information, the conclusion of the previously disclosed independent
accounting investigation, the investigative findings, the impact of those
findings on previously reported financial information and current actions and
plans to improve controls and procedures at the Company. The text of such press
releases are included as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 hereto and the text thereof are
incorporated by reference into this item.

Item 2.06.  Material Impairments.

     The Company issued a press release on September 23, 2004 containing
information regarding an impairment charge taken in the first quarter of 2004
related to two divested aluminum die casting facilities within the Company's
Driveline segment, the text of which is included as Exhibit 99.2 hereto
incorporated by reference into this item.

Item 4.02. Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related
Audit Report or Completed Interim Review.

     (a) As previously reported, previously issued financial statements were
impacted by admissions by a former division controller at the Company that he
had participated in overstatements and understatements of income at the
Company's Sintered division. As previously reported, as a consequence of the
foregoing, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an independent
investigation into certain accounting matters. That independent investigation is
now concluded. The Company issued two press releases on September 23, 2004
containing information regarding certain preliminary financial information, the
conclusion of the previously disclosed independent accounting investigation, the
investigative findings, the impact of those findings on previously reported
financial information and current actions and plans to improve controls and
procedures at the Company. The Company's Board of Directors and Audit Committee
formally considered those findings and the foregoing information on September
21st, 22nd and 23rd. The text of such press releases are included as Exhibits
99.1 and 99.2 hereto and the text thereof are incorporated by reference into
this item.

     (b) Not applicable.

     (c) Not applicable.

Item 7.01.  Regulation FD.

     The Company issued two press releases on September 23, 2004 containing
information regarding certain preliminary financial information, the conclusion
of the previously disclosed independent accounting investigation, the
investigative findings, the impact of those findings on previously reported
financial information and current actions and plans to improve controls and
procedures at the Company. The text of such press releases are included as
Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 hereto and the text thereof are incorporated by reference
into this item.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

     (c) Exhibits. The following exhibit is filed herewith:

              Exhibit No.        Description
              99.1               Press Release
              99.2               Press Release



<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  September 23, 2004


                                        METALDYNE CORPORATION



                                        By: /s/ Jeffrey M. Stafeil
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:      Jeffrey M. Stafeil
                                            Title:     Chief Financial Officer




<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX




     Exhibit No.        Description
     99.1               Press Release.
     99.2               Press Release.


<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>metal8kex991092304.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FINAL INVESTIGATION RELEASE
<TEXT>


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                            Media Contacts:
                                                                   Myra Moreland
                                                                    734 207-6762



Metaldyne Announces Completion of Independent Accounting Investigation


     Plymouth, Michigan (September 23, 2004) -- Metaldyne Corporation (the
"Company") today disclosed that the previously announced independent
investigation into certain accounting matters has been completed and that it
will be making certain adjustments to previously reported financial results as a
result of its review of information obtained through the investigation. The
Company has also separately announced today certain preliminary financial
information concerning the previously unreported fourth quarter of 2003 and the
first two quarters of 2004. In summary, the Company presently estimates that
there will be adjustments to previously reported results for 2001, 2002 and the
first nine months of 2003 in the following estimated amounts: for 2001, the
Company's reported loss before income taxes was overstated and operating profit
was understated by approximately $1 million in each case; for 2002, the
Company's reported loss before income taxes was understated and operating profit
was overstated by approximately $5 million in each case; and, for the first nine
months of 2003, the Company's reported loss before income taxes was understated
by approximately $3 million and operating profit was overstated by less than $1
million. The restatement will also affect periods prior to 2001. In addition,
there is expected to be an adjustment to increase goodwill by approximately $18
million as of the November 2000 acquisition date of the Company. Review of all
restatement adjustments is ongoing.

     The restatement arose primarily out of information obtained through the
investigation conducted by an independent director of the Company, Marshall
Cohen, with the assistance of an independent counsel, Sidley Austin Brown & Wood
LLP, and the forensic accounting group of Deloitte & Touche LLP. The
investigation was initiated as a result of certain allegations made by an
employee of the Company and information obtained by the Company's internal audit
staff. As discussed below, the Company has implemented, or adopted plans to
implement, a number of measures intended to address matters of concern that have
been identified through the investigation and is continuing to consider further
measures.

     In 2003, a new plant controller at the Sintered division's St. Mary's,
Pennsylvania facility encountered difficulties in understanding certain
accounting practices and documentation. In December 2003, he notified the
Company's independent auditors, KPMG LLP, that, among other things, he was
unable to reconcile certain of the plant's general ledger accounts and to find
appropriate documentation for certain entries and indicated that he had concerns
regarding the division controller. The Company's Chief Financial Officer
initiated an immediate review by the Company's internal audit department of
accounting procedures and financial accounting at the domestic plants within the
Sintered division. Shortly thereafter, the Company and its Board of Directors
authorized the independent investigation into certain accounting practices at
the Sintered division from 2001 through 2003.

     During the initial stages of the investigation, the Company was made aware
of errors with respect to the recording of certain entries which it attempted to
analyze. While the

<PAGE>


Company was performing these analyses, in February 2004, the Sintered division
controller made the following allegations concerning actions in which he
admittedly participated. He alleged that, following the acquisition of the
Company in November 2000, income at the Sintered division from 2000 through 2003
was deliberately understated by up to approximately $10 million in the
aggregate. He alleged that these understatements were part of an effort to
disguise previous overstatements of income by approximately $20 million in
aggregate at the Sintered division during the period from 1996 through 1999,
which was prior to the acquisition. There were three primary allegations from
the former Sintered divisional controller related to the period 1996 to 1999.
During this time, he stated income was overstated by (1) overstating fixed
assets, (2) understating liabilities (notably accounts payable), and (3) using a
complex set of manual journal entries every month to "disguise" the effects of
(1) and (2). Following the acquisition in late 2000, he stated that income was
understated through similar actions. The Company has concluded that the Sintered
division controller's allegations concerning these actions were correct,
although the amounts impacted by the actions vary from the allegations as
reflected in the information released by the Company today. The Sintered
division investigation revealed deficiencies, circumventions and breakdowns that
occurred in controls and procedures at the Company. As a result of these and
other investigated matters, to date, seven accounting or operations personnel
are no longer employed by the Company.

     Based upon certain findings within the Sintered division, the investigation
was expanded to encompass accounting practices in other areas of the Company
concerning the use of reserves and accrual accounts and the recognition of
tooling income for the period from 2001 through 2003. This investigation
involved an extensive review by those conducting the investigation of journal
entries of over a specified amount made over a three year period. As a result of
the expanded investigation, the Company became aware of instances of
inappropriate accounting relating to reserves and accruals, which had the effect
of "smoothing" earnings for certain periods. Specifically, the Company has
concluded from the investigative findings that certain plant controllers had
inappropriately maintained reserves to cover unanticipated expenses, increased
or decreased reserves based upon performance, and/or recorded accruals or
reserves different from estimated or analyzed amounts. The Company has also
identified from the investigative findings a few instances of incorrect timing
in the recognition of tooling income. The investigation categorized journal
entries from the relevant periods for analysis by the Company and review by the
Company with its current and former independent auditors. The Company analyzed
those categories of entries which the investigation determined to be either
potentially inaccurate (i.e., warranting further review) or unknown (i.e.,
insufficient documentation for third party evaluation). Based upon the Company's
initial review of these categories of entries, the Company believes that the net
impact on pretax earnings of the entries determined to be inappropriate and the
tooling income issue discussed above was less than $1 million in each of the
years of 2001, 2002 or 2003 and no quarter was affected by more than that
amount. Review of the journal entries by the Company with its current and former
independent auditors is ongoing and, consequently, there is the possibility of
restatement adjustments in amounts in excess of the impact described above.

     Through the work of the investigation, a number of concerns with financial
controls and procedures have been identified. Control concerns specifically
identified by those conducting the investigation include, but are not limited
to, instances of disregard for, or lack of understanding of, proper accrual
accounting under GAAP, particularly in relation to reserve accounts;
inconsistent policies and procedures concerning the recognition of tooling
income; inadequate training of personnel within key accounting and operations
functions; undue pressure

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

on certain accounting personnel relative to operating results; issues in
properly reviewing internal reporting packages and questionnaires; a failure to
properly account for fixed assets; a lack of timely and adequate monitoring of
intercompany balances, management review of general ledger, account
reconciliation and manual journal entries; and insufficient information systems
safeguards and security controls. The Company understands that its current
independent auditors have identified certain concerns that give rise to material
weaknesses and that its auditors will make business recommendations based upon
these and other concerns. Material weaknesses, if unaddressed, could result in
material errors in the Company's subsequent financial statements. The Company
believes that certain of the issues highlighted by the investigation derive from
the Company's history of acquisitions and the attendant employment of personnel
from different predecessor companies who continued prior accounting practices.
In some instances, the Company believes control issues have been exacerbated by
the predecessor companies' previously highly decentralized structure which
current management has been addressing over time since the acquisition.

     The Company believes these issues to be serious and has devoted substantial
resources to the improvement and review of its control processes and procedures
and such review is ongoing. Those conducting the investigation have made
observations concerning corrective actions based on the matters that have come
to their attention, which the Company has reviewed. The Company has taken
actions or considered actions to address concerns and issues referred to above,
and intends to continue taking actions as necessary to further address such
concerns and issues, by (1) making personnel and organizational changes; (2)
improving communications and internal reporting; (3) simplifying and making
consistent various accounting policies and procedures and enhancing related
documentation; (4) significantly expanding its training programs for both
accounting and non-accounting employees related to accounting matters; (5)
increasing management's focus on internal controls and improving the extent and
timing of management oversight in a number of areas; and (6) implementing
processes and procedures to reduce manual interventions and adjustments and more
appropriately limit access to certain files and systems. The Company's Audit
Committee and its Board of Directors have reviewed the actions undertaken to
date in response to the findings arising from the accounting investigation and
authorized other actions to improve control processes and procedures. The
Company will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of its controls and
procedures on an ongoing basis, including consideration of internal control
weaknesses and business recommendations identified by its auditors and
suggestions made by those that conducted the investigation, and, consequently,
intends to implement further actions in its continuing efforts to strengthen the
control process. In addition, the Company continues to implement previously
identified desirable improvements in its internal controls in preparation for
compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

     The Company is in the process of preparing the restatement and expects to
make appropriate filings with the Securities Exchange Commission of its restated
results and previously unfiled Securities Exchange Act reports as soon as
practicable. The information being released by the Company today is subject to
its continuing review, as well as all necessary review by its auditors and
others, and is subject to further change. In addition, prior to the announcement
of the investigation, the Commission provided the Company with comments on its
filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in the ordinary course and the
Company expects to respond to the Staff concerning those comments prior to
filing definitive Forms 10-K and 10-Q's for the relevant periods. It is possible
that disclosure may change as a result of that review. In

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

addition, the Company is seeking relief from certain disclosure requirements in
the Form 10-K relating to pre-acquisition periods and the Company may be delayed
in filing definitive documents pending receipt of that relief or if such relief
is not obtained. As separately announced, the Company has undertaken to seek
extensions of waivers from its senior credit facility lenders, receivables
finance providers and certain lessors relating to its delay in financial
reporting.

About Metaldyne

     Metaldyne is a leading global designer and supplier of metal-based
components, assemblies and modules for the automotive industry. Through its
Chassis, Driveline and Engine groups, the Company supplies a wide range of
products for powertrain and chassis applications for engines,
transmission/transfer cases, wheel-ends and suspension systems, axles and
driveline systems. Metaldyne is also a globally recognized leader in noise and
vibration control products.

Forward-Looking Statements

     This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, as that term is
defined by the federal securities laws, about the Company's financial condition,
results of operations and business. You can find many of these statements by
looking for words such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "believe,"
"estimate", "should" and similar words used in this press release. These
forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and
uncertainties. Because the statements are subject to risks and uncertainties,
actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue
reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this press
release. The cautionary statements set forth above should be considered in
connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that
the Company or persons acting on the Company's behalf may issue.

     Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements included in this press
release include general economic conditions and cyclicality in the markets in
which we operate and industry-based factors such as: declines in North American
automobile and light truck builds; dependence on significant automotive
customers; reductions in outsourcing by the Company's automotive customers;
increases in the Company's raw material and energy costs; continued availability
of arrangements for the Company's liquidity; dependence on third-party suppliers
and manufacturers; dependence on key personnel and relationships; product
liability; environmental matters; labor costs and strikes at the Company's major
direct and indirect customers and at the Company's facilities; the level of
competition in the automotive supply industry and pricing pressures from the
Company's customers; risks associated with the Company's acquisition strategy
and the Company's ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, including
successfully taking actions we have identified as providing cost-saving
opportunities; technological developments that could competitively disadvantage
us; and risks associated with conducting a growing portion of the Company's
business in foreign countries. In addition, factors more specific to us could
cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the
forward-looking statements included in this press release such as substantial
leverage, substantial capital requirements, limitations imposed by the Company's
debt instruments and the Company's ability to identify attractive and other
strategic acquisition opportunities. There are further risks and uncertainties
attendant to the Company's ability to timely address the Company's financial and
account-

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

ing controls and issues to sufficiently mitigate the risk of material
errors in the Company's financial reporting and we cannot be certain that the
Company will not suffer material adverse consequences from the completed
investigation and the attendant restatement of previously reported financial
results and any further review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of such
matters and the Company's past and future public filings.


                                      -5-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>metal8kex992092304.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FINAL RESULTS RELEASE
<TEXT>

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                            Media Contacts:
                                                                   Myra Moreland
                                                                    734 207-6762


Metaldyne Announces Recent Preliminary Financial Information and Scope of
Anticipated Restatement

     Plymouth, Michigan (September 23, 2004) -- Metaldyne Corporation today
announced preliminary financial information for the fourth quarter of 2003 and
the first two quarters of 2004. It also provided a summary of an anticipated
restatement of financial results for 2001 and 2002 and the first three quarters
of 2003 arising from a previously announced investigation into various
accounting matters. This investigation has just been concluded and is the
subject of a separate announcement by the Company today. The Company is in the
process of completing the restatement and expects to make appropriate filings
with the Securities Exchange Commission of its restated results and previously
unfiled Securities Exchange Act reports as soon as practicable. The information
being released by the Company today is subject to its continuing review, as well
as all necessary review by its current and former independent auditors and
others. Accordingly, all such information is preliminary and subject to further
change. Greater detail concerning recent results and the restatement will be
made available as soon as the review of these periods is complete and the
Company is in a position to make filings under the Securities Exchange Act. Once
the restatements are completed, the Company intends to hold a conference call
for its debt securityholders to discuss its recent results, the accounting
investigation and the restatement.

Summary

     The following table summarizes preliminary financial information announced
by the Company today (note that the table excludes the 2002 results from our
former TriMas subsidiary that was divested in June 2002):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------
(in millions)                             Six Months Ended June,                       Fiscal year ended,
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
                                  2004 Unaudited        2003 Unaudited       2003 Unaudited        2002 Unaudited

                                                           Restated                                   Restated
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
<S>                              <C>                    <C>                 <C>                   <C>
Net Sales                             $1,002                 $772                $1,508                $1,465
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
Operating Profit                       $38                   $30                   $20                  $63
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
Depreciation & Amortization            $64                   $54                  $107                  $96
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
Restructuring Activities                $2                    $4                   $13                   $4
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
Asset   Impairments   &  Fixed          $8                    $2                   $18                   $1
Asset Disposals
- ------------------------------- ------------------- ----------------------- ------------------ -----------------------
</TABLE>


Preliminary First Six Months of 2004 as Compared to Restated First Six Months of
2003

     On a preliminary basis, the Company announced that its net sales for the
first six months of 2004 were $1,002 million versus $772 million for the first
six months of 2003, primarily as a result of the Company's New Castle
acquisition in January 2004, which contributed $212 million in the first six
months of 2004. In addition, the Company had approximately $37 million in
additional volume related to new product launches and ramp up of existing
programs as well as a $17 million benefit from foreign exchange movements.
However, these increases were partially offset by approximately $32 million
related to the divestiture of two aluminum die casting facilities within the
Company's Driveline segment, and a 2.9% decrease in North American vehicle
production by the Company's three largest customers (Ford, General Motors and
DaimlerChrysler).

     The Company announced, on a preliminary basis, that its operating profit
was approximately $38 million, or 3.8% of net sales, for the first six months of
2004 compared to $30 million, or 3.9% of net sales, for the same period in 2003.
Excluding an $8 million asset impairment charge relating to a divestiture of two
aluminum die casting operations in the Company's Driveline segment, operating
profit would have been $46 million, or 4.6% of net sales. The increase in 2004
is principally explained by a $14 million increase from the New Castle
acquisition. These gains were partially offset by approximately $6 million in
fees and expenses relating to the just completed accounting investigation.

     The Company is facing significant increases in the cost to procure certain
materials utilized in its manufacturing processes such as steel, energy,
Molybdenum and nickel. In general, steel prices have recently risen by as much
as 60-100% and have thus created significant tension between steel producers,
suppliers and end customers. Based on current prices, our steel costs could
increase approximately $50 million in 2004. However, the Company anticipates
several initiatives such as steel scrap sales, steel resourcing efforts,
contractual steel surcharge pass through agreements with selected customers, and
reducing or eliminating 2004 scheduled price downs to its customers will offset
approximately $30 million of these increased costs. Additionally, the Company is
actively working with its customers to 1) obtain additional business to help
offset these prices through better utilization of its capacity, 2) negotiate a
surcharge to reflect the increased material costs, and/or 3) resource certain of
its products made unprofitable by these increases in material costs. The Company
will actively work to mitigate the effect of these steel increases throughout
2004.

     The Company reported that its depreciation and amortization expense
increased from approximately $54 million in the first six months of 2003 to
approximately $64 million in 2004. The net increase in depreciation and
amortization of approximately $10 million is principally explained by $9 million
of depreciation and amortization expense associated with the New Castle
acquisition. In addition, for the past several years capital spending has been
in excess of depreciation expense. Accordingly, the additional capital spending
accounts for the remaining increase in depreciation expense.

     The Company incurred approximately $2 million of restructuring charges in
the first six months of 2004 versus a charge of approximately $4 million in the
same period in 2003. The 2004 charge is primarily related to restructuring
activities initiated in 2003 and costs associated with the closure of a
Driveline segment facility located in Europe. In connection with the sale of two
aluminum die casting facilities, the Company incurred an $8 million charge in
the
                                      -2-

<PAGE>

first six months of 2004. In connection with the sale of these same two
facilities, the Company also recorded an impairment charge of $5 million in late
2003 in accordance with SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal
of Long-Lived Assets." Subsequent to December 28, 2003, these two facilities
were sold to an independent third party. The sales price to this third party was
used to determine the fair market value of the facilities for the SFAS No. 144
impairment analysis.

     At June 27, 2004, the Company had approximately $861 million in debt
outstanding and approximately $47 million outstanding on its accounts receivable
securitization facility. At this date, the Company also had approximately $87
million and $52 million of undrawn and available commitments from its revolving
credit facility and accounts receivable facility, respectively. At June 27,
2004, the Company was contingently liable under standby letters of credit
totaling $61 million issued for the Company's behalf by financial institutions.
These letters of credit are used for a variety of purposes, including meeting
requirements to self-insure workers' compensation claims.

     The Company's senior credit facility contains various affirmative and
negative covenants, including a financial covenant requirement for an EBITDA to
cash interest expense coverage ratio to exceed 2.25:1.00 through July 3, 2005;
and a debt to EBITDA leverage ratio not to exceed 5.00 through June 27, 2004,
decreasing to 4.75:1.00 for the quarter ending October 3, 2004. The accounts
receivable facility balance is included in computing debt for the purposes of
these covenant calculations. The Company was in compliance with the preceding
financial covenants at June 27, 2004 and, as previously announced, had
previously obtained waivers associated with its inability to submit financial
statements and associated representations and warranties through September 30,
2004. As announced today by the Company, the Company is seeking to extend this
waiver pending completion of its restatement.

Preliminary Full 2003 Results as Compared to Restated 2002 Results

     The Company's preliminary results for the full year 2003 reflect certain
anticipated restatement adjustments for the first three quarters of 2003 and
other matters which remain under continuing review. In reviewing the information
as compared with the restated 2002 results, it should be noted that information
is not comparable due to the divestiture of the Company's former TriMas
subsidiary in June 2002. References to the Automotive Group below eliminate the
results of the TriMas subsidiary for 2002.

     The Company's reported preliminary results for its Automotive Group
increased from $1,465 million in 2002 to approximately $1,508 million in 2003.
Despite a 6.4% decrease in NAFTA production, sales increased $42 million, but
were essentially flat after adjusting for a $44 million impact of exchange rate
movement.

     The Company reported operating profit was approximately $20 million for
2003 compared to approximately $63 million in 2002 after excluding TriMas. The
$43 million reduction in operating profit is the result of several factors,
including approximately $30 million in non-cash charges relating to a $5 million
asset impairment charge related to the aluminum die casting facilities noted
above, a $14 million in fixed asset disposals, and an $11 million increase in
depreciation and amortization. In addition, operating profit in 2003 was
impacted by an ap-

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

proximately $10 million increase in restructuring charges and a $7 million
increase in the cost to procure steel, the Company's largest raw material.

     The Company's depreciation and amortization expense increased from
approximately $96 million in 2002 to approximately $107 million in 2003 for its
Automotive Group. The net increase of approximately $11 million is due to
depreciation expense recorded on capital expenditures of approximately $130
million for 2003 and $115 million for 2002. As discussed, the Company's higher
capital spending in recent years accounts for the increase in depreciation
expense. In 2003, the Company entered into several restructuring arrangements
whereby it incurred approximately $13 million of costs associated with severance
and facility closure. In addition, as discussed, the Company recorded a $5
million charge as a result of an impairment analysis relating to two plants with
negative operating performance.

Anticipated Financial Restatement

     The following table summarizes the Company's current estimates of the
impact of the anticipated restatement on the Company's operating profit and
earnings before taxes for the years ended December 29, 2002 and December 31,
2001 and the first nine months of 2003. The following table reflects the impact
of the anticipated restatement adjustments on reported results, which includes
TriMas through June 2002, however, none of the adjustments relate to TriMas. The
adjustments relate solely to the Automotive Group.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                    December 29, 2002 (includes TriMas results)         December 31, 2001 (includes TriMas results)
                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(in millions)              As        Restatements  As Restated      As Previously    Restatements   As Restated
                       Previously    Adjustments                       Reported      Adjustments
                        Reported

<S>                       <C>            <C>          <C>                <C>              <C>           <C>
Operating Profit          $114           $(5)         $109               $127             $1            $128
Loss Before Taxes         $(64)          $(5)         $(69)             $(48)             $1            $(47)
</TABLE>

o    Restatement amounts relate to Automotive Group only, and do not impact the
     reported results of TriMas. Operating profit for the Automotive Group as
     restated is $63 million in 2002 and $59 million in 2001.


(in millions)                   Nine Months Ending, September 28, 2003
                         As Previously     Restatements     As Restated
                           Reported

Operating Profit              $36                $-                 $36
Loss Before Taxes            $(26)              $(3)               $(29)

o    Restatement amounts relate to Automotive Group only, and do not impact the
     reported results of TriMas.


The anticipated restatement adjustments, which are expected to result from the
completed investigation described in a separate announcement regarding the
announcement of the completion of the independent accounting investigation,
relate principally to adjustments to correct overstated balances for property,
plant and equipment and recognize lower related depreciation expense, recognize
the continuing effect of adjustments made in prior periods on previously
reported balances of accounts payable and accounts receivable.

     The Company is in the process of preparing the restatement and expects to
make appropriate filings with the Securities Exchange Commission of its restated
results and previously unfiled Securities Exchange Act reports as soon as
practicable. As discussed, the information being released by the Company today
is subject to its continuing review, as well as all nec-

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

essary review by its current and former independent auditors and others, and is
subject to further change. In addition, prior to the announcement of the
investigation, the Commission provided the Company with comments on its filings
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in the ordinary course and the Company
expects to respond to the Staff concerning those comments prior to filing
definitive Forms 10-K and 10-Q's for the relevant periods. It is possible that
disclosure may change as a result of that review. In addition, the Company is
seeking relief from certain disclosure requirements in the Form 10-K relating to
pre-acquisition periods and the Company may be delayed in filing definitive
documents pending receipt of that relief or if such relief is not obtained.

Extension of Waivers Sought

     The Company is in the process of seeking an extension of waivers received
from its senior lenders, receivables financing providers and certain lessors
with respect to its financial reporting, pending completion of the restatement.
Current waivers expire on September 30, 2004. The Company presently anticipates
that the extended waiver now being sought will provide it with adequate time to
complete the necessary restatement and prepare financial statements for recent
unreported periods.

About Metaldyne

     Metaldyne is a leading global designer and supplier of metal-based
components, assemblies and modules for the automotive industry. Through its
Chassis, Driveline and Engine groups, the Company supplies a wide range of
products for powertrain and chassis applications for engines,
transmission/transfer cases, wheel-ends and suspension systems, axles and
driveline systems. Metaldyne is also a globally recognized leader in noise and
vibration control products.


Forward-Looking Statements

     This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, as that term is
defined by the federal securities laws, about the Company's financial condition,
results of operations and business. You can find many of these statements by
looking for words such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "believe,"
"estimate", "should" and similar words used in this press release. These
forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and
uncertainties. Because the statements are subject to risks and uncertainties,
actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue
reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this press
release. The cautionary statements set forth above should be considered in
connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that
the Company or persons acting on the Company's behalf may issue.

     Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements included in this press
release include general economic conditions and cyclicality in the markets in
which we operate and industry-based factors such as: declines in North American
automobile and light truck builds; dependence on significant automotive
customers; reductions in outsourcing by the Company's automotive customers;
increases in the Company's raw material and energy costs; continued availability
of ar-

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

rangements for the Company's liquidity; dependence on third-party suppliers and
manufacturers; dependence on key personnel and relationships; product liability;
environmental matters; labor costs and strikes at the Company's major direct and
indirect customers and at the Company's facilities; the level of competition in
the automotive supply industry and pricing pressures from the Company's
customers; risks associated with the Company's acquisition strategy and the
Company's ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, including successfully
taking actions we have identified as providing cost-saving opportunities;
technological developments that could competitively disadvantage us; and risks
associated with conducting a growing portion of the Company's business in
foreign countries. In addition, factors more specific to us could cause actual
results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements included in this press release such as substantial leverage,
substantial capital requirements, limitations imposed by the Company's debt
instruments and the Company's ability to identify attractive and other strategic
acquisition opportunities. There are further risks and uncertainties attendant
to the Company's ability to timely address the Company's financial and
accounting controls and procedure issues to sufficiently mitigate the risk of
material errors in the Company's financial reporting and we cannot be certain
that the Company will not suffer material adverse consequences from the
completed investigation and the attendant restatement of previously reported
financial results and any further review by the Securities and Exchange
Commission of such matters and the Company's past and future public filings.



                                      -6-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
