-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 T9Yj/uYERZ6SVH2jvv9ksoMwbL94Ap92Q9SMVHnKZCNw6cceJvcBO1a9oiI2d8Mo
 y9g6iJYOZCdp/CVVHej+5g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001028643-04-000019.txt : 20040903
<SEC-HEADER>0001028643-04-000019.hdr.sgml : 20040903
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040903153905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001028643-04-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20040830
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040903
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20040903

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001028643
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FUNCTIONS RELATED TO DEPOSITORY BANKING, NEC [6099]
		IRS NUMBER:				132997911
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-18221
		FILM NUMBER:		041016936

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1436 LANCASTER AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 210
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312-1288
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6102963400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1436 LANCASTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 210
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312-1288
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a8k08302004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>8-K 083004 CONFERENCE CALL
<TEXT>
                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                              --------------------

                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT

                       Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                       ----------------------------------

                                 September 3, 2004
                            ---------------------
                Date of report (Date of earliest event reported)


                          DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.
                ------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


       New York                     333-18221             13-2997911

(State or Other Jurisdiction      (Commission                (IRS
 Employer of Incorporation)        File Number)     Identification Number)


       1436 Lancaster Avenue, Berwyn, Pennsylvania         19312-1288
         (Address of principal executive offices)          (zip code)


                                (610) 296-3400
                                --------------
              Registrant's telephone number, including area code


Item 2.02    Results of Operations and Financial Condition


             On August 30, 2004 Dollar  Financial  Group,  Inc. (the  "Company")
             held an investor  conference call. A copy of the transcript of that
             call is furnished as Exhibit 99.1.

             The  information in this Current Report on Form 8-K,  including the
             exhibit hereto, is furnished  pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K and
             shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of
             the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended,  or  otherwise
             subject  to the  liabilities  of  that  Section.  Furthermore,  the
             information  in this  Current  Report  on Form 8-K,  including  the
             exhibit,  shall not be deemed to be  incorporated by reference into
             the filings of the Company  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
             amended.

Item 9.01.   Financial Statements and Exhibits

                   (c) Exhibits.


                          99.1        Transcript of the Company's August 30,
                                      2004 investor conference call.



<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURE

     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of Section  13 and 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  September 3, 2004

                                        DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.
                                        a New York corporation



                                        By:  /s/ Donald F. Gayhardt
                                           -----------------------------
                                        Name:  Donald F. Gayhardt
                                        Title: President and
                                               Chief Financial Officer


                               EXHIBIT INDEX

         Exhibit No.            Description

         99.1                   Transcript  of the  Company's  August 30,  2004
                                investor conference call.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit991_08302004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONFERENCE CALL-08/30/2004
<TEXT>
                                                DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP
                                                Moderator: Don Gayhardt
                                                August 30, 2004/3:00 p.m. CDT







                             DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP

                                 August 30, 2004
                                  3:00 p.m. CDT



Coordinator         Hello and welcome to the Dollar  Financial Group fiscal 2004
                    year-end  operating  results  conference call. At this time,
                    all  participants  are in a  listen-only  mode and after the
                    presentation  we will conduct a question and answer session.
                    At the request of Dollar Financial Group, today's conference
                    is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting
                    over to Mr.  Don  Gayhardt,  President  of Dollar  Financial
                    Group. Sir, you may begin your call.

D.Gayhardt          Great.  Thank you.  Good  afternoon,  everybody.  Thanks for
                    joining us.  Before we begin with our 2004  fiscal  year-end
                    operating  results  conference  call, I'd like to remind you
                    that the  remarks  made during  this  conference  call about
                    future   expectations,   trends,   plans,   forecasts,   and
                    performance  for  Dollar  Financial  Group,  Inc.,  and  its
                    markets are  forward-looking  statements within the means of
                    the Private Securities  Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
                    forward-looking  statements  reflect  our  current  beliefs,
                    estimates  and  expectations  that involve a number of risks
                    and  uncertainties.   Listeners  are  cautioned  that  these
                    forward-looking statements may differ materially from actual
                    future  events or  performance  and are advised not to place
                    any undue reliance on any  forward-looking  statements which
                    speak only as of the date of this call.

                    Factors that could effect  results are outlined in our press
                    release dated August 27, 2004 and a more thorough listing of
                    risk factors are discussed in our annual report on Form 10K.

                    In  addition,  I will  remind  you  that we  have an  equity
                    offering for our parent  company,  Dollar  Financial  Corp.,
                    currently in registration with the SEC. As most of you know,
                    we postponed our IPO at the end of July;  however,  it was a
                    postponement,   not  a  cancellation  so  that  registration
                    statement is still open with the SEC.

                    With  that,  I'd  like to turn  it  over  to Jeff  for  some
                    introductory   remarks   before  we  discuss  the  financial
                    results.

J.Weiss             Thanks, Don. Good afternoon,  everyone.  We are very pleased
                    to report another strong year. Don will give you more of the
                    details but I believe the results  indicate more evidence of
                    the secular  trends that we have often spoken of continue to
                    accelerate  and the  steps  that we have  taken  to  improve
                    profitability  and cash  generation  are continuing to drive
                    improvements in our operations,  financial results,  capital
                    position and financial flexibility.

                    As we've  talked about  before,  we continue to believe that
                    the  secular  trends  that have been  driving  our  business
                    continue  to  accelerate.  It's my  view  that  the  barbell
                    economy,  an economy of low-wage,  service sector workers at
                    one end,  highly-paid  knowledge  workers  at the  other and
                    unfortunately,  the  thinning  middle class at the center is
                    becoming an accepted reality in all major markets.  And this
                    acceptance   is  helping  to  bring  our  products  and  our
                    businesses to the mainstream of the financial marketplace.



                                       1
<PAGE>

                    The economy in each of our three major markets  continues to
                    perform  well.  While we are seeing some signs of moderation
                    in the US, we still  believe that, at least from our vantage
                    point with our target  customer  base,  job and wage  growth
                    continues.  While a number of other  retails  have  reported
                    that gas prices and other factors have  softened  sales over
                    the  summer,  I think  it's  important  to note  that we are
                    essentially  first in line  when it  comes  to our  customer
                    spending.  We get  paid  either  out of the  paycheck  or on
                    payday.  Consequently,  we think we are more  insulated from
                    these problems, not immune, but more insulated.  Having said
                    that,  I'd  like  to  take  a  few  minutes  to  review  our
                    accomplishments during fiscal 2004.

                    We added 17 new  company-owned  locations;  14 de novo sites
                    and 3 acquired stores;  we increased our franchise base by a
                    net 12 new  locations.  Our overall  financial  results were
                    outstanding.  Don will give you more of the  details  later,
                    but we recorded  record  revenue  with  adjusted  EBITDA and
                    significant  increases in same-store  sales,  total revenue,
                    store level and operating margins and net income.

                    Transaction  volumes grew across the board. Check volume, as
                    measured  by the face  amount of checks  cashed,  grew 7.8%;
                    loan volume,  as measured by  company-funded  dollars  lent,
                    grew 14% and our servicing  revenue grew 14.5%. We generated
                    significant  free cash flow and now have ample liquidity and
                    flexibility  to operate and grow our businesses in all three
                    markets.

                    We have an average  excess  cash  balance  of $16.7  million
                    during  the  month  of June and we have  our  $53.5  million
                    revolving  credit  facility as well.  We also prepaid our UK
                    participation  facility at the end of June, which will lower
                    our borrowing cost in fiscal 2005.

                    Our credit  metrics  are well in line with our  expectations
                    and recent  trends.  We  solidified  and grew  existing  key
                    relationships,  our two banks/agent partners:  First Bank of
                    Delaware and County Bank,  Western Union Money  Transfer and
                    established  several new agent  relationships,  most notably
                    with Visa and West Suburban Bank to exclusively  market Visa
                    branded pre-paid cash products in the US.

                    We  strengthened  our management  team in several key areas,
                    most notably,  Randy Underwood has joined us as our new CFO,
                    he joined in June;  ending  Don's  three  years  interim CFO
                    term. Randy has a terrific background,  the Coleman Company,
                    Thorn  Americas/Rent-a-Center  and  KPMG  Peat  Marwick.  We
                    believe that he will be a terrific addition to our team.

                    Now I'll turn it over to Don to provide  some more detail of
                    the financial results for the year and the quarter,  as well
                    as some guidance for 2005. Thanks.

D.Gayhardt          Great.  Thanks, Jeff. Our June quarter was a terrific end to
                    fiscal 2004. First, I have a few P&L highlights.  During the
                    quarter,  total revenues increased 13.7% over the prior year
                    to $63.1 million.  Comparable  store sales  increased  12.8%
                    both by strong increases in US and Canadian loan fees and UK
                    check  cashing  revenue.  I should  point out that  while we
                    certainly  benefited from a weaker dollar,  same store sales
                    in constant dollars, again, factoring out a currency impact,
                    increased  10.6% in the  quarter.  Total check  cashing fees
                    increased 6.9%; net lending revenue  increased 25% and other
                    revenues increased 12.8%.

                    Corporate  expenses for the 2004 fiscal fourth  quarter were
                    $10.1  million or 16.0% of revenue  compared to $7.5 million
                    and 13.6% of total revenue for the prior year period.  As we
                    mentioned in our press  release,  a  significant  portion of
                    this  increase  was  related  to costs  associated  with the
                    revaluation of US dollar  denominated  debt held by our U.K.
                    subsidiary  and the  modification  of our  foreign  currency
                    hedging program at year-end.



                                       2
<PAGE>

                    I think it's important to note, as Jeff mentioned, we repaid
                    that  debt  at  the  end  of  June  so  we  won't  have  any
                    revaluation  costs running  through the P&L any more. And we
                    also  revised  our  hedging  program  in June and as part of
                    that, we liquidated puts that we ordinarily  would have held
                    and amortized over much longer period of time.

                    We believe  that a  meaningful  portion  of these  costs are
                    non-recurring   and  we  feel   comfortable  that  corporate
                    expenses  will be in the  range  of 13% as a  percentage  of
                    sales going forward.

                    Adjusted EBITDA  increased $2.6 million or 19.3%;  the $16.2
                    million for the fiscal  fourth  quarter,  from $13.6 million
                    for the prior year period.  I should point out that adjusted
                    EBITDA is not an item prepared in accordance with GAAP and I
                    encourage  you to review the net income to  adjusted  EBITDA
                    reconciliation that was provided in our earnings release.

                    Net income  increased  $3.3  million to $3.8 million for the
                    fourth quarter, from $577,000 from the prior year period and
                    this  increase  came despite a $277,000  pre-tax  charge for
                    debt extinguishment  related again to the early repayment of
                    the collateralized borrowing in the UK.

                    During the quarter,  our income tax  provision was 30% which
                    demonstrates  the impact of the changes  that we made to our
                    tax   structure;   but  it  is  lower  than  our   projected
                    sustainable rate of approximately  42%. As we conservatively
                    use an  effective  tax rate for 41% for Canada for the first
                    three quarters,  we simply trued up the Canadian rate to the
                    recently  enacted  35.5%  rate and that most of the  change,
                    there's  about a $1 million gap there and that's the true up
                    that we made in the fourth  quarter.  Going  forward,  we're
                    comfortable with approximately 42% effective tax rate.

                    The  margin  expansion  that  we've seen over the past seven
                    quarters  continued as our store  operating  margin  defines
                    total  revenue less expenses  directly  related to operating
                    our stores including certain regional  administrative costs;
                    increased to 37.6% from 36.2% in the year ago period.

                    Adjusted  EBITDA is a percentage of total revenue  increased
                    to 25.8% for the  quarter  from  24.5%  for the  prior  year
                    period.  This margin  expansion is a result of the operating
                    leverage  inherent in our business  model and our control of
                    corporate expenses.

                    For the full year,  total revenue  increased  12.3% over the
                    prior year period of $246.6  million with  comparable  store
                    sales increasing  11.5%.  Total check cashing fees increased
                    8.3%; net lending revenue  increased 18.1% and other revenue
                    increased 10.8%.

                    Corporate  expenses  for the full  fiscal  year  were  $32.8
                    million, up 13.3% total revenue compared to $31.2 million or
                    14.2% of total  revenue for the prior year  period.  Part of
                    the  reduction in corporate  expenses is a result of revenue
                    related to our previously  discussed  rationalization of our
                    North American store support functions which we completed at
                    the beginning of fiscal 2004.

                    Adjusted  EBITDA  for the fiscal  year  ended June 30,  2004
                    increased  from $13.1 million or 25.6% to $64.6 million from
                    $51.4 million for the prior fiscal year.  Adjusted EBITDA as
                    a percentage  of total  revenues  increased to 26.2% for the
                    full fiscal year from 23.4% for the prior fiscal year.

                    Net  income  increased  $2.8  million  or over  130% to $4.9
                    million for the full fiscal year from $2.1  million in 2003.
                    As with the  quarter  results,  we  achieved  this  increase
                    despite significant debt extinguishment charges; the charges
                    for the full year were $7.5 million  which  encompassed  the
                    $220 million refinancing we did in November,  as well as the
                    early extinguishment of the UK debt at the end of the fiscal
                    year.

                    As Jeff  mentioned,  our loss  metrics are well in line with
                    our   expectation   and   continued   strong    performance,
                    particularly  in the US strong credit quality and reductions
                    in losses as a percentage of gross revenue. On the bad check
                    side, bad check and cash shortages taken together were about


                                       3
<PAGE>

                    7.8% of check cashing fees versus 7.9% the prior year.

                    Our provision for loan losses and servicing fee  adjustments
                    was 20.3% of gross loan fees during 2004 compared with 23.5%
                    in 2003. For the quarter,  this provision again, loan losses
                    and servicing fee  adjustments as a percentage of gross loan
                    fees is 20.7% versus 25.1% in the year ago June quarter.

                    Probably  three things driving this  improvement:  One, as I
                    mentioned,  the internal  improvements,  particularly in the
                    US, that we continue to make in our  centralized  collection
                    in customer service facilities.  Secondly, a continued shift
                    in the overall lending mix in the lower-loss  environment of
                    Canada. And thirdly,  an overall  improvement in delinquency
                    rates on credit and  installment  loans.  Moody's  last week
                    reported that credit card  delinquencies in the US fell to a
                    four-year   low,   which  in  some   respects,   is  a  nice
                    counterweight  to some of the retail sales reports that have
                    been  in  the  news  recently  that  Jeff  mentioned  in his
                    introduction.

                    On the balance  sheet,  I'll just point out quickly the cash
                    number of $69.2  million as of June 30 includes $3.4 million
                    of excess  non-inventory  cash.  We had no borrowings on our
                    credit  line.  Our $53.5  million US revolve or $10  million
                    Canadian revolver at June 30th. During the June quarter, our
                    peak  revolver  borrowings  were only at $1.7 million and we
                    only used our line five days during the quarter.

                    A  couple  other  notes  on  the  balance  sheet.   As  Jeff
                    mentioned,   the  repayment  of  the  $8  million  of  other
                    collateralized  borrowing  which,  in the asset  side of the
                    balance  sheets also takes the $8 million  loans  receivable
                    pledge and moves that back into the loans receivable pool or
                    category.  Total  loans  receivable  grew  35.8%  which  are
                    consistent with the 18% growth we saw in net fees as well as
                    normal  shifting  of the mix into  Canada  and UK which will
                    lower yielding loans so on average,  you have more portfolio
                    needs to generate the fee increases that we've discussed.

                    Most of the significant changes in the liability side of the
                    balance  sheets  relates  to the  two-part  refinancings  we
                    completed,  $220  million in  November  and the $21  million
                    tack-on  loan we did in June.  For the fiscal  year,  we had
                    capital  expenditures  of $8.7 million which  includes about
                    $550,000 for three  stores we acquired in the June  quarter.
                    These were in the UK. Approximately one-third of the overall
                    $8.7  million  spending  was  for  the 17  newly  built  and
                    acquired stores, a third is for store level  maintenance and
                    a  third  is  for  corporate  and   information   technology
                    spending.

                    As we have  talked  about  before,  we  continue to look for
                    well-managed and attractively priced acquisitions. We bought
                    three stores in the UK in June. We have nothing  specific to
                    report today, but we are more active in that market,  in the
                    US, in Canada and in the UK and we're evaluating a number of
                    interesting potential  transactions.  Again,  strategically,
                    geographically  interesting and creative acquisitions from a
                    leverage and value standpoint.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                    Now,  I'll talk for a second  about  guidance for the fiscal
                    year ending June 30, 2005. As always, before we give you the
                    numbers, I have to remind you that these statements are made
                    as of this date and indicate only  expectations of Jeff, the
                    rest  of  the  management  team  as  of  this  date.   These
                    statements supercede any and all previous statements made by
                    the  company   regarding   the  matters   addressed.   These
                    statements  are  forward-looking  statements  and  cannot be
                    guaranteed and may prove to be wrong.  This outlook is based
                    upon various  assumptions  which include but are not limited
                    to the  following:  no material  change in the  products and
                    services offered in all locations as of June 30 of 2004. And
                    no  material   adverse   results  remain  in  litigation  or
                    regulatory  proceeding  against the company  that  currently
                    exist or that may arise in the future.

                    Having said that, from a store  standpoint,  we plan to open
                    25-35 new  company-owned  stores  and  20-25  new  franchise
                    locations  during fiscal year 2005.  Also,  given the strong
                    performance of our business  during the 2004 fiscal year, we
                    estimate  revenue  for the full  year will  range  from $261
                    million  to  $266  million;  that's  growth  of  6-8% on the
                    revenue line. And our adjusted EBITDA for the full year will
                    range from $69  million to $71  million,  that's a growth of
                    7-10% in adjusted EBITDA.

                    With that, we will be happy to take any  questions  that you
                    have.

Coordinator         Thank you.  Please  stand by for the  questions to register.
                    Our first question comes from Michelle Dragonetti,  CS First
                    Boston.

M.Dragonetti        Hi, guys.

J.Weiss             Hi, Michelle.

D.Gayhardt          Hey, Michelle.

M.Dragonetti        I just have a couple of quick  questions  for you.  With the
                    store  expectations  for  '05,  do you  have a sense  of the
                    geographic split there?

D.Gayhardt          Our expectation is we will open a couple of stores in the US
                    out of that group.  And probably the remaining group will be
                    spilt about 65-70% in Canada and 30-35% in the UK.

M.Dragonetti        And the stores for the US, does that  incorporate  the three
                    franchised locations announced in your earnings release.

D.Gayhardt          No,  those  were  incorporated  in the 20-25  new  franchise
                    locations.  So we're saying 20-25 new  franchise  locations,
                    most of those in Canada.

M.Dragonetti        Okay. And can you give a little bit more  information  about
                    the  franchise  agreement  announced?  I know  in the  past,
                    you've discussed that there was good interest on the part of
                    Canadian  existing  franchisees  for US franchises.  Is that
                    where those  franchises  are going?  When do you expect them
                    online?

D.Gayhardt          The first franchise was with a non-Canadian  franchise whose
                    franchise  we opened in the US. We are  experiencing  strong
                    interest from Canadian franchisees and from non-franchisees.
                    At this point,  I think it would be  premature  to say who's
                    going to win the horse race for first  franchises in the US.
                    We just don't know yet.

M.Dragonetti        Do we have a sense of location?

D.Gayhardt          Not yet.

M.Dragonetti        Okay.

D.Gayhardt          Primarily -

J.Weiss             It  will  probably  be in  areas  in  which  we are  already
                    operating.

D.Gayhardt          The Northwest and the West Coast.

J.Weiss             Right.

M.Dragonetti        Okay.  And then,  can you just  talk a little  bit about the
                    installment  product you talked  about?  Where is that being
                    rolled out? How's that going, generally, what the process is
                    there?

                                       5
<PAGE>

D.Gayhardt          We've been operating the installment  loan program in the UK
                    and this is basically  taking - we've been  operating in the
                    UK for about 18 months.  And this is essentially  taking our
                    better-quality  payday  loan  customers  and for a lack of a
                    better  term,  kind of  trading  them up into a  longer-term
                    product that offers the flexibility of - it's a larger loan,
                    offers an  extended  term and a lower rate to the  customer.
                    We've  done some  marketing  sort of  outside  our  existing
                    customer  base and sort of called  Greenfield  customers but
                    most of the success  we've had,  both in terms of volume and
                    in terms of the  credit  quality,  has been in the  existing
                    payday loan  customers  who we know are good  customers  and
                    moving them up to a different product.

                    So I think  we've  had - I'd call it - a very  extended  and
                    very  successful test in the UK and that is being rolled out
                    to our UK stores.

                    In the US and in Canada - in Canada,  we have a pilot that's
                    been  operating  for, I think about three months now. In the
                    US, it's really just in the process of being  piloted  right
                    now. But again, the expectation  won't be that this is going
                    to be a  product  that  would  any way,  from a volume  or a
                    profitability  standpoint,  impact our  results  the way the
                    payday loan product does.

                    But we think there's  certainly a number of  businesses  out
                    there that  compete with this kind of a product and our view
                    is that if we have good quality payday customers,  we may as
                    well  capture that  business  because  they're  likely to be
                    trading up and the business goes somewhere else.

J.Weiss             And it advances our ability to leverage our technology, both
                    in Salt Lake City and elsewhere, in order to track potential
                    customers  and to make  sure  that our  credit  and  control
                    apparatus is equal to the task of both  granting  credit and
                    having  successful  collection  activity.   And  that's  yet
                    another advantage of the centralized credit facility.

M.Dragonetti        How has the credit performance been on that product?

D.Gayhardt          On the installment lending product?

M.Dragonetti        Yes.

D.Gayhardt          It's been  good.  Delinquencies  generally  run a little bit
                    higher than what we've seen in the payday product.  But as a
                    percentage  of revenue,  come down to about where our payday
                    loan borrowers perform as a percentage of gross fees. It's a
                    little  bit more work to  collect  those  but it's  still an
                    acceptable net yield to us.

M.Dragonetti        Okay.  And then just finally,  any sense of valuation of the
                    discussed  rollout from  Wal-Mart of the  extension of their
                    check-cashing products?

D.Gayhardt          Let's start with maybe the ending comment which is, we still
                    haven't seen any real impact from that in our US operations.
                    And we believed  that the product that  they're  offering is
                    essentially  a solid-gold  check  cashing  product,  you get
                    preprinted   payroll  checks  from   nationally   recognized
                    employers  and  that's  not a core  component  of our  check
                    cashing  business right now. We're cashing many  handwritten
                    payroll checks. They'll only cash checks from McDonalds. Our
                    core  customer  works for Joe Sand. We talked about Joe Sand
                    and Gravel or Mary's Nail Salon.

                    Certainly  the  US  is  part  of  a  more   competitive   US
                    check-cashing  market,  but we  haven't  seen  the  material
                    impact from it.  Again,  only about 20-30% of our stores are
                    proximate to a Wal-Mart  location.  And in fact,  we've seen
                    areas - the mystery  shopping  reports that we just got last
                    week  are  that a lot  of  the  initial  point  of  purchase
                    signage, etc., has come down. So it's not, if you walk into,
                    as a new customer,  into Wal-Mart today, you're probably not
                    even going to know it's available as a service.

                                       6
<PAGE>

J.Weiss             Moreover,  for the same category of check,  their pricing is
                    kind  of the  industry  pricing  so  there  really  isn't  a
                    significant   pricing   advantage  to  doing  that  task  in
                    Wal-Mart.

M.Dragonetti        Right. And then that 20-30% overlap is just from geographic.
                    It doesn't speak to the fact that they are more selective in
                    the type of check, right?

D.Gayhardt          Correct.

J.Weiss             Right. That's just overall.  Twenty percent is within a mile
                    of our stores and 30% would be within the same zip code.  It
                    depends on how you want to draw the map.

M.Dragonetti        Right. Okay.

D.Gayhardt          Okay.  And Michelle,  one more part I forgot to mention,  on
                    the  installment  loans,  just as a bigger  than a  breadbox
                    point,  the  balance of UK  installment  loans for us now is
                    about $3  million  and  that's  included  in other  consumer
                    lending receivables.

M.Dragonetti        Okay. Great, thanks.

D.Gayhardt          ... US dollars.

M.Dragonetti        Thanks.

Coordinator         We have a question from Michael Temple, Pioneer Investments.

M.Temple            Gentlemen,  hi.  I was  wondering  if you  could  clear up a
                    couple of things for me. You may have mentioned this on your
                    call,  but I didn't  catch it.  As I look at your  March 31,
                    2004 balance  sheet and the June 30, 2004 balance  sheet,  I
                    see a drop in cash of $10 million and an increase in debt of
                    about $20 million.  Now, my guess is - and correct me if I'm
                    wrong - that the $20 million  tack-on  which is the increase
                    in debt  went to  reduce  additional  paid on  capital - I'm
                    assuming that was a dividend of the parent?

D.Gayhardt          That's  right.  That was a dividend  to the parent to redeem
                    zero coupon discount notes that are at our parent level.

M.Temple            And that don't show up on the balance sheet here.

D.Gayhardt          They don't  show up on the  balance  sheet of the  operating
                    company, right.

M.Temple            Great.  Okay. And then in terms of the refinancing of the $8
                    million,  the early pay down of the $8 million  was that not
                    on the balance  sheet as well?  Was that  off-balance  sheet
                    financing?

D.Gayhardt          No, that's on the March 30 balance sheet.

M.Temple            And where does that show up?

D.Gayhardt          As other collateralized borrowers.

M.Temple            Other collateralized borrowers.

D.Gayhardt          Eight million.

M.Temple            Okay. So, we're pretty much done with that, then?

D.Gayhardt          Yes, we repaid the entire $8 million on June 30th.

M.Temple            Okay. And then is that why cash went down as much as it did?

D.Gayhardt          Actually,  cash is - as I mentioned,  with the  exception of
                    the $3 million or so, cash is basically  inventory  cash and
                    what  going to  impact  cash is the day of the week on which
                    the reporting period closes. So if you close on a Friday, if
                    the  Friday  is the  30th  or the  31st  at the  end of your
                    quarter,  you're going to have higher cash  balances to meet
                    check cashing and loan needs.  If it's a  Tuesday/Wednesday,
                    you're going to have lower. I don't have a calendar in front
                    of me.

                                       7
<PAGE>

M.Temple            No, that's fine. I understand.

D.Gayhardt          But I think if you  probably  look,  you'll  find that March
                    31st was a - my  recollection  is that that was  towards the
                    end of the week and - we'll get a calendar.  If that doesn't
                    clear it up, we can follow up.

M.Temple            Well,  is  there  any  way to  give  us a  sense  of what is
                    available  for  corporate  purposes  versus  how  much is in
                    inventory at the various stores?

D.Gayhardt          Well, yes. As I mentioned,  what we do is kind of smooth out
                    the variances within the week. I think Jeff mentioned in his
                    opening  comments,  either  mine or Jeff.  But we have $16.7
                    million of -

J.Weiss             - excess cash on the balance sheet.  And we have essentially
                    an undrawn $53.5 million revolver.

D.Gayhardt          Yes.  That was during the month of June.  If you take the 30
                    days ending June 30th,  the average day we had $16.7 million
                    in the bank.

M.Temple            I'm just  trying  to get a sense of your  liquidity  profile
                    given the  statement  that you might be  looking  at several
                    acquisitions next year. Are any of them potentially large in
                    size, or would that necessitate the actual completion of the
                    IPO that you're talking about?

D.Gayhardt          Nothing we're currently in any active  discussion with is of
                    the size that would require outside financing.

M.Temple            Okay.  Fair enough.  And you've  given us some  guidance for
                    EBITDA  next  year.  Do you have  any  guidance  for  cap-X,
                    additional investments,  working capital, that type of thing
                    so we can get a better  sense of how much free cash flow you
                    may or may not be able to generate?

D.Gayhardt          I think  in terms  of  cap-ex,  you'll  probably  see  cap-X
                    increase with a few more new stores, increase from $8.7 into
                    the range of $9 to $10 million.

M.Temple            Okay.

D.Gayhardt          In terms of working capital,  as a rule of thumb, and again,
                    remember  the same thing I just talked about in terms of the
                    way the days move around,  it makes it very hard to say. You
                    could get a working  capital  amount for the year that looks
                    very strange  based upon June 30, '05, the day on which that
                    - the reporting ...

J.Weiss             The day of the week on which that falls.

D.Gayhardt          But  generally,  we say  somewhere in the range of 12-15% of
                    the growth in sales  dollars is - you have to reinvest  that
                    in terms of working  capital to  support  again,  additional
                    cash in the stores, loan balances, etc.

M.Temple            Now, does that get affected at all by the  additional  store
                    openings? Is a multiplier effect?

D.Gayhardt          A  full-service  store costs us about  $110,000 to build and
                    $50,000 or $60,000 of working  capital.  So 12-15% of growth
                    in sales plus $50-$60,000 per store.

M.Temple            Okay, great. And then finally,  the quarter looked great but
                    the one number that was a little bit disconcerting, although
                    clearly   didn't  affect  results  much  was  the  corporate
                    overhead.  You correctly pointed out that it's only slightly
                    higher than it was last year,  but if you look at the trend,
                    the  trend is that  it's  creeping  up  quite  substantially
                    year-over-year  and  even   quarter-over-quarter   from  the
                    December quarter to the March quarter to the June quarter.

                    Is that just in relationship to the IPO expenses and the due
                    diligence therein or is there something else going on?

D.Gayhardt          No, the IPO expenses  are  capitalized  or actually  they're
                    deducted  from  equity so there  aren't any IPO  expenses in
                    there.  Again,  a big  chunk of it is the  currency  stuff I
                    talked about is on the order of $900,000 or so. Also,  given
                    the  performance  of  the  business,   we  had  some  higher
                    incentive  awards as well.  So probably some of that will be
                    smoothed out a little bit more as we go forward.

                                       8
<PAGE>

M.Temple            Okay. Well, gentlemen,  it's been a great story and I'm very
                    pleased with the investment. So, keep it up.

D.Gayhardt          Thank you.

J.Weiss             Thanks.

Coordinator         Christopher Brown, Barclays Global Investors.

C.Brown             Great quarter, guys.

D.Gayhardt          Hey, Chris.

J.Weiss             Hey, Chris.

C.Brown             Hi. I just  want to ask you a  couple  questions  about  the
                    Hold-Co  notes and the IPO - any new thoughts  about how you
                    might pay those  off and the  timing of the IPO,  when or if
                    you might bring that back?

D.Gayhardt          You know I can't say anything.

C.Brown             I thought I'd ask.

D.Gayhardt          We continue to valuate  what's  going on in the market.  And
                    when we have news to tell you, then we'll tell you.

C.Brown             Or ultimately, you could tell us.

D.Gayhardt          Yes. There was a postponement, not a cancellation.

C.Brown             Okay. And other than that, there's no other plans to pay off
                    the Hold-Co notes?

D.Gayhardt          No, I think we've  talked about it before.  Obviously  those
                    are  high-rate  notes  and as you  line  up  your  corporate
                    financing  priorities,  paying off your  higher-rate debt is
                    much more of a priority. So it's certainly a focus of ours.

C.Brown             Okay. And separate from all that, all the new store openings
                    that you have, both  company-owned and franchised,  is there
                    any reason why you're  focused  more  outside the US than in
                    the US?

D.Gayhardt          Well,  I think we've spoken to this  before.  In Canada,  we
                    essentially  have the only  national  brand;  we're the only
                    national  provider.  The  Canadian  stores have our terrific
                    return for us, they ramp up very rapidly. In the UK, we are,
                    I guess,  kind of in the  childhood of the same  position we
                    are in Canada.  We're the only  national  player;  we're the
                    largest by a factor of five or ten.  It's  still  Greenfield
                    days in the UK so I would say for  competitive and strategic
                    reasons, the deployment of capital in the UK and Canada have
                    been much better deployments.

                    Now, the US is a terrific  market and  deployment of capital
                    there also yields terrific results, but in comparison to the
                    results  from  Canada and the UK,  they're not quite as good
                    and hence we emphasize those jurisdictions. Although I think
                    you  will  see that we will  find  alternative  distribution
                    platforms in the US such as  franchising  which we intend to
                    grow.

C.Brown             Okay. And a separate  question and this may be hard to get a
                    feel for, is your market share both in the US and in the UK,
                    do you  see  some of your  other  competitors  - how are you
                    growth in relative to the overall market?

D.Gayhardt          Well,  you know,  this is an industry in which  statistics -
                    there  is  really  no  central   repository  of  statistical
                    information.  We get fragmentary information.  Certainly our
                    market  share in  Canada  and the UK  continues  to grow and
                    because our business  expands in the US, our business grows.
                    Whether  our  market  share  is  growing  or the  market  is
                    expanding, I don't know. And certainly,  we have the benefit
                    of an expanding market in all three  countries.  But I don't
                    know how we would break it out in the US.

C.Brown             Okay.

                                       9
<PAGE>

D.Gayhardt          In the U.S.  there  is  approximately  25,000  check-cashing
                    stores,  or maybe more.  So our market  share is very small.
                    What I think we know in Canada  or in the UK, is that  based
                    upon  what we know  from the  trade  association  there  is,
                    larger competitors, we are, from a revenue standpoint, we're
                    more than five times larger than our nearest competitor.

C.Brown             Okay. Great, guys.

D.Gayhardt          Great. Thanks.

C.Brown             Great quarter.

D.Gayhardt          Thank you.

Coordinator         Oliver Corlett, Jeffries.

O.Corlett           My question has been answered. Thank you.

Coordinator         Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions.

J.Weiss             Well,  then, we will conclude the call.  Don and I thank you
                    very much for your attention and we look forward to speaking
                    with you in the future. Don?

D.Gayhardt          That's all I have. Thanks, everybody.

J.Weiss             Thank you, everyone. Bye.

Coordinator         Thank you for  participating  in the Dollar  Financial Group
                    fiscal 2004 year-end  operating results conference call. The
                    call has  concluded  and you may  disconnect  at this  time.
                    Thank you.


                                       10






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
